TODO.md, before:

# TODO
- [ ] rebuild levels -> probably 8 or 10
- [ ] create "new level dialog" with name
- [ ] improve laser design
- [ ] HSS - add rank to the list
- [ ] show username on start menu
- [ ] editor - add buttons for level navigation
- [ ] editor - add button for new level
- [ ] editor - add button to toggle edit mode

12.11.2015
- [x] add name to level - WONTFIX

11.11.2015
- [x] fix game over item IDs

03.10.2015
- [x] redo all menu using the big box

02.10.2015
- [x] add change username button on startmenu
- [x] outline marked pieces
- [x] WONTFIX: morph effect - when block is copied the underlying piece should grow from 0.5 to 1.0
- [x] Input name state - show blinking cursor

01.01.2015
- [x] probaly build better shuffle algorithm for preview block
- [x] add boxes to HUD
- [x] intro state - if all sparkles killed switch to InputNameState
- [x] Intro state with color_zone Logo exploding
- [x] add highscore system
- [x] LevelSelector -> use method from filesystem to get available levels
- [x] add input box to enter username for new highscore

30.09.2015
- [x] WONTFIX: highscore state with tiny map and selector to show highscores for different levels
- [x] save highscores - 5 per level / mode
- [x] HSS: determine available levels
- [x] HSS: scroll through available highscore lists (only available levels)
- [x] add game over state and set text

29.09.2015
- [x] level selector -> add mode selector 
- [x] do not delete fill tiles when cleaning a column
- [x] coverage mode - player needs to achieve xx % of fillrate
- [x] timer mode - game will run for x (3) minutes
- [x] maximum of 32 levels
- [x] level selection -> load directory list 
- [x] Pause menu state
- [x] level selection screen / start game screen -> select mode and level

28.09.2015
- [x] sparkle effect when columns are cleared

27.09.2015
- [x] include GameSettings
- [x] automatic laser - start delay like 2 seconds and then permanent delay of 1 second
- [x] HUD containing score/timer/fillrate

25.09.2015

- [x] calculate fill rate of map
- [x] laser - check if valid column

Commit message:

adding borders around the grid

TODO.md, after:

# TODO
- [ ] rebuild levels -> probably 8 or 10
- [ ] create "new level dialog" with name
- [ ] HSS - add rank to the list
- [ ] show username on start menu
- [ ] editor - add buttons for level navigation
- [ ] editor - add button for new level
- [ ] editor - add button to toggle edit mode
- [ ] adjust HUD and preview block
- [ ] take preview block pos from settings
- [ ] sparkle effect - use colors from constants
- [ ] sparkle effect - just use plain white texture
- [ ] sparkle effect - improve effect and use more pieces(?)
- [ ] TileMap - automatically create borders
- [ ] Game - Levels -> save list of blocks to remove from TileMap
- [ ] HUD - add scale flashing to points and coverage
- [ ] HUD - check colors / take from settings
- [ ] HUD - show timer

12.08.2106
- [x] TileMap - add removeBlock method to remove blocks from grid
- [x] improve laser design

12.11.2015
- [x] add name to level - WONTFIX

11.11.2015
- [x] fix game over item IDs

03.10.2015
- [x] redo all menu using the big box

02.10.2015
- [x] add change username button on startmenu
- [x] outline marked pieces
- [x] WONTFIX: morph effect - when block is copied the underlying piece should grow from 0.5 to 1.0
- [x] Input name state - show blinking cursor

01.01.2015
- [x] probaly build better shuffle algorithm for preview block
- [x] add boxes to HUD
- [x] intro state - if all sparkles killed switch to InputNameState
- [x] Intro state with color_zone Logo exploding
- [x] add highscore system
- [x] LevelSelector -> use method from filesystem to get available levels
- [x] add input box to enter username for new highscore

30.09.2015
- [x] WONTFIX: highscore state with tiny map and selector to show highscores for different levels
- [x] save highscores - 5 per level / mode
- [x] HSS: determine available levels
- [x] HSS: scroll through available highscore lists (only available levels)
- [x] add game over state and set text

29.09.2015
- [x] level selector -> add mode selector 
- [x] do not delete fill tiles when cleaning a column
- [x] coverage mode - player needs to achieve xx % of fillrate
- [x] timer mode - game will run for x (3) minutes
- [x] maximum of 32 levels
- [x] level selection -> load directory list 
- [x] Pause menu state
- [x] level selection screen / start game screen -> select mode and level

28.09.2015
- [x] sparkle effect when columns are cleared

27.09.2015
- [x] include GameSettings
- [x] automatic laser - start delay like 2 seconds and then permanent delay of 1 second
- [x] HUD containing score/timer/fillrate

25.09.2015

- [x] calculate fill rate of map
- [x] laser - check if valid column
